# Coding Monkeys (Team 19) Meeting Minutes
# Final Dev Meeting

**Date and time:** 06/08/2024 8:30 AM  
**Location:** Virtual 

<!-- Note which members are present / absent (our team has 11 people) -->
## Attendees:
| Present      |             |            |            
| -----------  | ----------- |----------- |
| Milana       | Allison     | David      |
| Riana        | Brandon     | Ginger     |
| (team leads) | Mark (Xu)   | Julie      |

<!--If no one is absent you can delete this, else move their names to the table -->
| Absent       |
| -----------  |
| Nikolas      |
| Charlie      |
| Julio        |


## Agenda:
1. Discuss cleanup
   - Code due tonight
   - Milana: tried to clean up the repo by reorganizing the files, change logs
   - Milana will make issues we can assign ourselves - in terms of clear communication if you're working on an issue assign yourself
2. OH good things to include
   - more accessibility - particularly regarding buttons
3. Unit tests - add more, Riana will add by this afternoon
4. Videos - due Tuesday at midnight
5. Short video meeting tomorrow - if have any ideas post on slack -> in #random
   - can tell Julie specific features you'd like to see included

**Public video** - can be creative!
   - Julie: A quick **tour of your product** (make that part sizzle to show off any features or things you are proud of)
      - draw Prof. Powell on the whiteboard!
   - Milana: A brief **retrospective** of what challenges you faced, what things you felt you overcame and anything you feel you would do differently now that you are done
   - Ginger: Conclude your video with a brief point of **advice** for the next students (victims) of 110 projects so they crush the project -> put that in the creative page or in the goal page!
   - could make it funny
   - Julie and Mark will work on putting it together

**Private video**
   - Everyone: Each team member should be present and in their own words state what they did on the project, what they are proud of and what they feel they could improve upon or address beyond the class (assume around ~30seconds per member) due **Sunday @ midnight**
      - will be 5.5 minutes 
   - Tour of repo 2 minutes
   - Retrospective + Conclusion 2 minutes - Milana

## Decisions
Journal entry page: swap the add button and go back button, because the add should be more central, want consistency in design and easy and logical for users.

## To dos 
Include who, what, when it's due
- [ ] Reorganize repo or name directories to be more descriptive if possible 
- [ ] Specify the readme file - Riana, possibly also the user manual
- [ ] Change logs - automate
- [ ] Releases
- [ ] Remove old branches
- [ ] Journal entry - have go back button in upper left
- [ ] Goal page - navigate with tabs
- [ ] Video content from above
- [ ] Flow chart - classes, structure, how the functions relate to each other -> to have class files in the JS - Ginger will work on this in miro board

Bugs
- [ ] Rewards page to fix with local storage
- [ ] Bug when clear local storage
- [ ] Progress bar got 33.33% - likely rounding and decimal

<img width="275" alt="Screenshot 2024-06-08 at 8 48 55â€¯AM" src="https://github.com/cse110-sp24-group19/cse110-sp24-group19/assets/88351672/815f37a2-bea2-453d-9876-45f4b8c45ca2">

### When the meeting finished: 9:30ðŸ•¤
